All right, so now comes the part
that we've all been waiting for.
And that is to write a little bit of
JavaScript in order to make this button
actually do something.
So to do that, we have here in your
JavaScript, I've actually put it in for
you already,
all you'll need to do is uncomment it.
This is the first bunch of JavaScript
up here at the top, which my friend
Erica Lee wrote, gave to me many years
ago and I continue to use it to this day.
So what we have here is we are looking for
a querySelector.
And we are looking for
a querySelector of .button-tracklist,
and we are adding to that,
an EventListener.
So on click, we're going to do something.
We're going to switch a class
of hidden to a class of showing.
And so now we need to configure these
classes that are here inside of
this JavaScript to match our HTML.
So the first part of this,
the document querySelector,
where it says the .button-tracklist,
we need to have a class assigned
to our button that matches this particular
querySelector, so let's do that.
We've got our button
with the ID of tracklist.
Let's also give it a class
of button-tracklist.
So when the button is clicked,
what are we going to do?
We're gonna swap these classes
of hidden and showing.
So where should we apply that?
Think about that for a moment.
Should probably be the table.
So we'll start with our table
with a class of hidden.
Now absolutely nothing has happened yet
because we don't have that class of hidden
defined, so let's put that in as well.
So continuing on here in
on our layer of tracklist,
right after our table styles,
then we can add
a class of hidden,
which will be display: none.
And we can add a class of showing,
and that will be display: table.
You may not know that there is a display
type of table, but in fact there is, and
since this is a table,
we might as well use it.
So not display: block or anything else,
just display: table, and so
now we have a button down here.
When we roll our mouse over it,
everything highlights, even over
here in the edges of this button.
When we click it, that button opens and
there's our tracklist,
opens right on down the page.
Very, very nice.
Okay, so the only thing we have
going now is a usability problem.
So our button, which is great,
it says tracklist,
that's exactly what we want
it to say before it's opened.
But there's not necessarily a way
to close this tracklist up again,
it's not obvious how to do that.
So one of the things
that we could do here,
because when we click the button again,
it does in fact close,
we could change the text on this
button from tracklist to close.
And we can do that with another
piece of JavaScript, right?
So here, inside of our
JavaScript box here in CodePen,
I found a little bit of
JavaScript to do this.
I copied it from a blog post, and
there's the credit where you can go and
read about that.
I'm relatively sure that you could combine
these two pieces of JavaScript, but
I am not a JavaScript person.
So I leave it to you guys to
figure out how to combine all this
JavaScript into a single kind of
function and make all of this happen.
But it works just fine as two
separate little functions, and
they're both very short.
So what we're going to do here is
uncomment this little bit of JavaScript.
And as you see here, this one is
doing a getElementById('tracklist').
So that's our button
with the ID of tracklist.
And what it will do then
is it has a constant here,
the initial text is going to be tracklist,
great.
That is exactly what we want it to say.
And then once we have clicked on it,
if that initial text is there,
swap it for the text, and it says, close.
And you see we have that interesting
looking little bit of unicode there.
This is an actual x, so
it's an x kind of thing.
Otherwise, we are gonna
show the initial text.
So once that's in place and
you have uncommented it,
then when you click the tracklist button,
now our text changes.
There's our close.
And when you click it again,
it goes back to the word tracklist.
So that is how we're going to set
up our initial tracklist here for
our mobile display.
Looks great, but
when we get to our tablet display,
we want this tracklist to show up on
the left side of our album cover.
Let's take a look at that next.